In the UdaciRacer project,
you will be able to race against
simulated characters and prove your mastery of asynchronous JavaScript.
You will need to complete partially built out asynchronous flows that use callbacks,
promises, and async/await syntax to control the events of the game.
Now let's take a look at what you'll build.
In the product for this course,
you will be building a racing simulation game.
The racing simulation game can be themed to whatever you want.
So for my project example,
I chose Star Wars.
In this game, you will be able to choose racers and race tracks.
Each racer will have a top speed acceleration in
handling that make them better or worse at handling a specific race track.
If I select a race track and a racer,
and start the race,
I play by clicking as fast as I can to make my player go up in the leader board.
If I stop clicking,
you'll also see my player go down in the leader board.
At the end of the race, you'll see a scoreboard to show you how you've done,
and you can start a new race.
So hopefully, all of that gets you excited
to learn the course material and build this project.